.TH man 1 "24 April 2008" "1.0" "Remuco"
.SH NAME
remuco-server \- server daemon
.P
remuco-bpp \- basic player proxy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.\" Syntax goes here. 
.B remuco-server
[\fI--log-here\fR]
.P
.B remuco-bpp
\fIPLAYER-NAME\fR
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Remuco
is a Bluetooth/WLAN remote control system for Linux media players. With
Remuco you can remotely control your favorite media player - amongst others you
can switch to the next, previous or any other media within the current
playlist, browse your media library and activate other playlists, rate your
media and adjust volume. On the mobile (i.e. the remote control) it displays
information about the current media, including cover art. Visit http://
remuco.sourceforge.net for a complete feature list, screenshots and a list of
supported media players.
.P
.B remuco-server
is a daemon (DBus service) that intermediates between Remuco clients and Remuco
player proxies. If you use Remuco \fIonly\fR for players with \fIfull\fR
player
proxies (e.g. Rhythmbox, XMMS2) you do not need to care about starting the
server - it gets started automatically by full player proxies. If you use
Remuco for players with \fIbasic\fR player proxies (Amarok, MPD, Totem) and
optionally also for players with full player proxies, start it
manually - or let your desktop environment (GNOME, KDE, ..) start the server at
login.
The optional argument \fI--log-here\fR redirects log output to stdout/err.
.P
.B remuco-bpp
is a program that reads a basic player proxy (BPP) file and acts as a
player proxy for the corresponding media player. \fIPLAYER-NAME\fR specifies
the BPP file to load (see below in section FILES). If the server has been
started manually (and this is what you should do if you want to use BPPs), it
runs
.B remuco-bpp
automatically for every present BPP file. So you only need this tool if you want
to debug a special BPP. If 
.B remuco-bpp
gets started manually, it logs to stdout/err instead of a log file.
.SH FILES
.IP \(bu 2 
.I $XDG_CACHE_HOME/remuco/Server.log
\- log output of
.B remuco-server
.IP \(bu 2 
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/remuco/Server.conf
\- configuration for
.B remuco-server
(there is an example configuration in the doc dir)
.IP \(bu 2 
.I $XDG_CACHE_HOME/remuco/PLAYER-NAME.log
\- log output of
.B remuco-bpp
started with argument \fIPLAYER-NAME\fR.
.IP \(bu 2 
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/remuco/debug
\- debug flag (if this file is present, the applications described here
enable debug output - and full player proxies are supposed to do the same)
.P
.IP \(bu 2 
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/remuco/*.bpp
\- BPP files (for instance
.B remuco-bpp
started with argument 'Totem' would read
\fI$XDG_CONFIG_HOME/remuco/Totem.bpp\fR)
.P
Note: $XDG_CACHE_HOME and $XDG_CONFIG_HOME usually expand to ~/.cache and ~/.config
(see http://standards.freedesktop.org/basedir-spec/).
.SH BUGS
Remuco bug tracker: https://sourceforge.net/tracker/?group_id=166515&atid=839315 
.SH AUTHOR
.nf
Oben Sonne (obensonne@googlemail.com)
.fi
.SH HISTORY
2008 \- Initial version.
