.\" ===========================================================================
.\"
.\"  Remuco - A remote control system for media players.
.\"  Copyright (C) 2006-2009 Oben Sonne <obensonne@googlemail.com>
.\"
.\"  This file is part of Remuco.
.\"
.\"  Remuco is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
.\"  it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
.\"  the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
.\"  (at your option) any later version.
.\"
.\"  Remuco is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
.\"  but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
.\"  MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
.\"  GNU General Public License for more details.
.\"
.\"  You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
.\"  along with Remuco.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
.\"
.\" ===========================================================================
.\"
.TH remuco-report 1 
.SH NAME
remuco-report \- report Remuco client device information
.SH SYNOPSIS
.I remuco-report
.P
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Remuco
is a duplex remote control system for Linux media players and mobile devices equipped with Bluetooth or WiFi.  
.PP
.I remuco-report 
is a tool to report Remuco client device information to the Remuco developers. It opens a mail composition window and prepares it for sending a mail. This mail contains information about the devices which previously connected to this computer.
.PP
The purpose of sending client device information to the developers is to support them in setting up a list of compatible devices.
.PP
This tool does
.I not
send any data automatically.
.PP
.SH FILES
.TP
.I $XDG_CACHE_HOME/remuco/report or $HOME/.cache/remuco/report
Contains the report data to mail. It gets updated whenever a new client device
connects to this computer. 
.SH SEE ALSO
xdg-open(1) - this tool is used to open a mail composition window
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Oben Sonne <obensonne@googlemail.com>.
